Update programming.md (#64)
learn-neuroimaging/tutorials-and-resources: docs/programming.md

## R
* [Programming with R](https://neurohackademy.org/course/programming-with-r/) by Jeanette Mumford within Neurohackweek 2016
* [Introduction to Neurohacking in R](https://www.coursera.org/learn/neurohacking) MOOC on coursera

## Introduction & Basics

> - [Beginners coureswork on programmming, algorithms, and more](Khan Academy)

Reviewer: hey do you think you could add the link?
Thanks. :-)

> - [Beginners coureswork on programmming, algorithms, and more](Khan Academy)

Reviewer 2: @jesparent @Remi-Gau  How's this? Just the link to the "main" page of the website.
```suggestion
[Khan Academy] (https://www.khanacademy.org/): Beginners' coursework on programming, algorithms, and more.
```
